# ğŸ§  Step 2: Access Package Builder (Automatic)

In this step, the Access Package Builder visualizes your
organization's structure to help you understand how users, groups,
departments, and companies are connected. The tool displays an
interactive map where you can see how different entities in your
organization, such as users, groups, and departments, relate to each
other. This visualization provides you with a clearer picture of
your company's structure and how your current permission management
is set up.

## ğŸ§¬ Algorithm Process

The Access Package Builder uses an advanced algorithm to analyze the
relationships between users, groups, departments, and companies
within your organization. By examining these connections, the
algorithm generates suggestions for Access Packages that group
relevant resources together, based on the structure of your
organization. This ensures that users are assigned the right access
based on their role, group, department, and company affiliation.

## ğŸ“¦ Types of Packages

The suggested Access Packages are organized into three key groups:

- Default
  This package includes a
  summary of all groups where users are assigned across the
  organization. It serves as a baseline for general access.
- Company
  This package groups
  together users from the same company, combining relevant resources
  and permissions for those users who work within the same
  organizational entity.
- Department
  This package displays
  groups of users within the same department, making it easier to
  manage access for teams working in specific functions within the
  company.

By using the Access Package Builder, you can quickly see how your
organization is structured and gain insights into the relationship
between users, departments, and companies. The suggestions provided
by the algorithm will help streamline the process of assigning
access, ensuring that users have the right permissions based on
their roles and affiliations within the company.

With this visualization and intelligent suggestions, you are one
step closer to improving access management and ensuring that
permissions are accurately aligned with the organizational
structure.

> ğŸ“¸ Add UI screenshots or diagram showing the "map view" of structure.

> ğŸ§  Link to any relevant Microsoft docs or Access Management best practices.
