# Step 1: Data Quality

Data quality is a cornerstone of a strong and secure Identity
Governance framework. In the future, as organizations increasingly
rely on automated systems to manage user access, the quality of your
data will directly influence the effectiveness of those systems.
Accurate, complete, and up-to-date user data is essential for
ensuring that access is granted appropriately, minimizing security
risks, and ensuring compliance.

## 🔍 Common Data Issues

As part of this process, your Identity Governance Landscape will
display a comprehensive overview of your organization's current user
data. This includes crucial attributes like `department, company
name, job title, group memberships, and more`. These data points are
invaluable, as they provide the foundation for understanding your
organization's structure and users' roles within it. Without
accurate data, even the most advanced algorithms cannot make precise
or secure access recommendations.

## 🧹 Clean & Prepare Data

For Identity Governance systems to work effectively, they must have
access to reliable data. Poor data quality such as outdated or
incomplete user information can lead to users being granted
inappropriate access, resulting in security vulnerabilities or
compliance issues. It’s critical that each user's attributes, such
as job title, department, and group memberships, are consistently
updated and accurate to ensure that they only have access to the
resources they need. By cleaning and enriching your user data, you
are taking the first step toward reducing risks and increasing
security across your organization.

## 📝 Prepare Your Data for Step 2: Access Package Builder

Before moving on to the next step, it's important to ensure that
your company’s user data is in top shape.


> 📸 Try to elimate every RED Column!

![App Screenshot](https://accesspackagebuilder.dev/docs/images/userattributelist-bad.png)

The Access Package Builder will rely on this data to make detailed,
algorithm-based suggestions about the appropriate access for each
user. The more accurate and comprehensive your data is, the more
effectively the algorithm will be able to generate precise Access
Packages. Start by reviewing and updating your organization’s user
data now this is the foundation for a successful and secure
transition to automated access management.

**In summary:** Ensure that your user data is accurate
and up-to-date before moving to Step 2. High-quality data is crucial
for the success of your Identity Governance strategy, and it will
greatly enhance the performance of the Access Package Builder when
it's time to assign the right resources to the right people.

